Headline:

Hi, my name is David and I am a Full Stack Developer located in Phoenix, AZ.


Bio:

Tech in nature, and the nature of tech, are two things I have always found fascinating. Right now researchers around the world are discovering that frogs are dying at an alarming rate, with many species potentially facing the threat of extinction. It's basically the Frogpocalypse. Emerging tech could change that reality however, alongside changing reality as we understand it. Every year new advancements in technology change our relationship with the earth and have the potential to radically alter our understanding of it. 

Even seemingly unrelated tech advances the human experience and how we interact with the world. I have not yet seen a rainforest in person, but with an app on my phone I can. With VR I can walk through the trees. Improvements in AI and our evolving understanding of how to develop more capable neural networks is paving the way for rampant growth in many sectors, ranging from robotics to healthcare. Even helping to improve the back-end logic and efficiency for an insurance provider could decrease nationwide premiums by 5%, and that could fund research that leads us to a cure for humanities most devastating diseases. 

We could be responsible for the next great advancement in human technology, or at least get us all a little closer. Let's build something together!


APP INFO:

Project title: Myth Quiz!

Project description:

Ever got into an argument, I mean, discussion, about whether Bacchus is the god with grapes, or is he maybe the one holding the trident? Then this quiz is for you! Test your knowledge and challenge your friends to a round of Myth Quiz, and find out who the real god is! 

List of technologies used:

HTML5
CSS
Javascript
Github & Gitbash

Link to live app

This app is still in development. At this time you would need to launch from the repo and run it locally. 

Link to repo

https://github.com/thinkful-ei-emu/QuizApp-DO-AP/tree/master/Quiz-App-AP-DO-starter
